The Barclays app
How to add a card to Google Pay
It's easy to do. Log in and tap
'Cards' from the Quick Links section.
Here you'll see the 'Add to G Pay' button.
To learn more about it, tap here.
To add the selected card on Google Pay,
tap the 'Add to G Pay' button.
Read through Barclays terms and conditions
and if you're happy, tap 'Accept'.
You'll now need to set up a screen lock
on your device if you haven't already.
You may need to verify your card
with a one-time passcode
sent to you in a text message.
When you receive it, enter the passcode,
or for other verification
methods, tap 'More options'.
After verification, your card will be set up.
And that's all done.
If you'd like to add the card to
Google Pay on any other devices,
tap the 'Add to G Pay' button
and follow the same process.